docs: free and open terminology (#5641)
elastic/apm-server: docs/apm-package/apm-integration.asciidoc

unified agent that you can deploy to hosts or containers to collect data and send it to the {stack}.
Behind the scenes, {agent} runs APM Server to listen for `apm` data.
+

> {apm-overview-ref-v}/components.html[**APM agents**] are free and open libraries written in the same language as your service.

Reviewer: Actually, the APM agent libraries are `Apache 2.0` license

Author: ```suggestion
{apm-overview-ref-v}/components.html[**APM agents**] are open source libraries written in the same language as your service.
```
